nit: language around velero plugins (#3)
hhpatel14/labs: oadp/bookbag/workshop/content/Overview.adoc

For server installation, velero will require at least one plugin is either of the type object store or volume snapshotter, or a plugin that contains both. Exception to this is if you will not be configuring a backup storage location or a snapshot location at install time.

There are mainly two categories of Velero plugins that can be specified while Velero:

- `defaultVeleroPlugins`
- `customVeleroPlugins`

> There are seven types of default Velero plugins can be installed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are seven types of default OADP validated Velero plugins that can be installed: 
```

For server installation, velero will require at least one plugin is either of the type object store or volume snapshotter, or a plugin that contains both. Exception to this is if you will not be configuring a backup storage location or a snapshot location at install time.

There are mainly two categories of Velero plugins that can be specified while Velero:

- `defaultVeleroPlugins`
- `customVeleroPlugins`

> There are several default Velero plugins can be installed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several default OADP validated/provided Velero plugins that be installed: 
```
